feat: transformer tf text encoder (#2)
jina-ai/executor-text-transformer-tf-encoder: README.md

jtype: Flow
pods:
  - name: encoder
    uses: 'jinahub+docker://TransformerTFTextEncoder'
```

> #### using source codes

Reviewer: I would remove that section, looks very similar to the two snippets above.

1. Clone the repo and build the docker image

	```shell
	git clone https://github.com/jina-ai/executor-text-transformer-tf-encoder.git
	cd executor-text-transformer-tf-encoder
	docker build -t executor-text-transformer-tf-encoder .
	```

1. Use `executor-text-transformer-tf-encoder` in your codes

	```python
	from jina import Flow
	
	f = Flow().add(uses='docker://executor-text-transformer-tf-encoder:latest')
	```
 
## 🎉 Example:

Here is an example usage of the **TransformerTFTextEncoder**.

```python
    def process_response(resp):
        print(resp)

    f = Flow().add(uses={
        'jtype': TransformerTFTextEncoder.__name__,
        'with': {
            'pretrained_model_name_or_path': 'distilbert-base-uncased'
        },
        'metas': {
            'py_modules': ['transformer_tf_text_encode.py']
        }
    })
    with f:
        f.post(on='/test', inputs=(Document(text='hello Jina', on_done=process_response)))
```

### Inputs 

`Document` with `blob` as data of images.

### Returns

> `Document` with `embedding` fields filled with an `ndarray`  with `dtype=nfloat32`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Document` with `embedding` fields filled with an `ndarray`  with `dtype=np.float32`.
```
